nounSingular:albedo
star:Alpha Centauri
nounSingular:apastron
nounSingular:aperature
nounSingular:aphelion
nounSingular:apogee
nounSingular:asterism
nounSingular:asteroid
nounSingular:astronaut
nounSingular:astronomer
nounSingular:astronomical unit
nounSingular:axial tilt
nounSingular:azimuth
nounSingular:background radiation
nounSingular:Bailey's bead
nounSingular:Big Bang theory
nounSingular:binary star
nounSingular:black body
nounSingular:black hole
nounSingular:bolometer
adjective:celestial
nounSingular:celestial equator
adjective:cislunar
nounSingular:cluster
nounSingular:comet
nounSingular:conjunction
nounSingular:constellation
nounSingular:Coriolis force
nounSingular:corona
nounSingular:cosmic ray
nounUncountable:cosmology
nounSingular:cosmonaut
nounSingular:cosmos
nounSingular:crater
nounSingular:crescent moon
nounUncountable:dark matter
nounSingular:day
nounSingular:declination
nounSingular:deep space
star:Deneb
nounSingular:density
nounSingular:docking
nounSingular:Doppler shift
nounSingular:double star
nounSingular:Drake's equation
nounUncountable:dust
nounSingular:dwarf planet
nounSingular:dwarf star
planet:Earth
adjective:earthbound
nounUncountable:eccentricity
nounSingular:eclipse
adjective:ecliptic
nounSingular:elliptical orbit
nounSingular:equinox
nounSingular:escape velocity
nounSingular:event horizon
nounSingular:exoplanet
adjective:extragalaxtic
nounSingular:falling star
nounSingular:flare
nounSingular:flyby
nounSingular:free fall
nounSingular:full moon
nounSingular:galaxy
nounSingular:gamma ray
nounSingular:gas giant
nounSingular:gegenschein
nounName:Gegenschein
adjective:geostationary
adjective:geosynchronous
nounSingular:gibbous moon
nounSingular:globular cluster
nounUncountable:gravitation
nounSingular:gravitational constant
nounSingular:gravitational lens
nounUncountable:gravity
nounSingular:h-r diagram
nounSingular:half moon
adjective:heliocentric
nounUncountable:Helium
nounSingular:Hubble telescope
nounSingular:Hubble's law
nounUncountable:hydrogen
hyperbolic orbit
nounSingular:hypernova
nounSingular:ice giant
nounSingular:inclination
nounUncountable:inertia
nounSingular:inferior planet
nounSingular:inner planet
adjective:interstellar
nounUncountable:interstellar dust
noun:ionosphere
planet:Jupiter
nounPlural:Kepler's laws
derivedSIUnit:kiloparsec
nounSingular:Kirkwood gap
nounSingular:Kuiper belt
nounSingular:Lagrange point
nounSingular:lens
nounSingular:light-year
nounSingular:local arm
nounSingular:local group
adjective:lunar
nounSingular:magnitude
planet:Mars
nounUncountable:mass
planet:Mercury
nounSingular:meteor
nounSingular:meteor shower
nounSingular:meteorite
nounSingular:meteoroid
name:Milky Way
noun:minor planet
name:Mir
noun:moon
nameAnimal:Muttnik
nameAnimal:Lajka
nounUncountable:nadir
nounAcronym:NASA
nounSingular:nebula
planet:Neptune
nounSingular:neutron star
nounSingular:new moon
nounSingular:north star
nounSingular:nova
nounSingular:observatory
nounUncountable:occultation
nounSingular:Oort cloud
nounSingular:opposition
nounSingular:orbit
nounSingular:orbital eccentricity
nounSingular:orbital inclination
nounSingular:outer planet
nounSingular:parallax
nounSingular:parsec
nounSingular:partial eclipse
nounSingular:perigee
nounSingular:perihelion
nounSingular:perturbation
nounSingular:phase
nounSingular:plane of the ecliptic
nounSingular:planet
nounSingular:planetary nebula
nounSingular:planetoid
planet:Pluto
nounSingular:pole star
nounSingular:precession
nounSingular:probe
nounSingular:pulsar
nounSingular:quarter moon
nounSingular:quasar
adjective:radiant
nounUncountable:radiation
nounSingular:red dwarf
nounSingular:red giant
nounSingular:red shift
verb:revolve
nounSingular:right ascension
nounSingular:ring
nounSingular:Roche limit
nounSingular:rocket
nounSingular:satellite
planet:Saturn
nounSingular:scientific notation
nounSingular:scintillation
nounSingular:shooting star
nounSingular:sidereal
nounSingular:singularity
nounSingular:sky
adjective:solar
nounSingular:solar system
nounSingular:solar wind
nounSingular:solstice
nounSingular:space
nounUncountable:space exploration
nounSingular:space station
nounSingular:spectroscope
nounSingular:spectrum
name:Sputnik
nounSingular:star
nounSingular:starlight
nounSingular:sun
nounSingular:sunspot
nounSingular:superior planet
nounSingular:supernova
adjective:synodic
syzygy
nounSingular:telemetry
nounSingular:telescope
nounSingular:terminator
nounSingular:terrestrial
nounSingular:total eclipse
nounSingular:totality
nounSingular:transit
nounSingular:translunar
nounSingular:transneptunian
adjective:twinkling
nounSingular:umbra
nounSingular:universe
planet:Uranus
nounSingular:vacuum
nounSingular:Van Allen belt
nounSingular:variable star
planet:Venus
nounSingular:vernal equinox
nounSingular:visual magnitude
nounSingular:waning
nounSingular:wavelength
nounSingular:waxing
adjective:weightless
nounSingular:white dwarf
nounSingular:white giant
nounSingular:wormhole
nounPlural:x-rays
nounSingular:yellow dwarf
nounSingular:zenith
nounSingular:zodiac
